And lastly, the repository tier. It is annotated with @Repository.
It also describes the nouns of our system.
You can see where the focus is different from service versus repository.
The service tier describes the verbs or actions that
we wanted to do in the system,
and the repository tier describes the nouns the data of the system.
It's focused on persisting and interacting with the
database or basic CRUD functions.
It's also typically a one‑to‑one mapping with an object to a database table.
You may have an address and have an address repository.
You would have a customer object and a customer repository.
It's also often a one‑to‑one mapping of those to the database table,
but that's not always the case based off your database design.
You may break things into multiple tables,
like a person in an employee table, but you may only have an
employee object inside of your application.
That is more up to the ORM tool that you're using and how you've structured that data.